---
title: "New year, new goals - 2017"
layout: post
date: 2016-12-23 11:29
headerImage: false
tag:
- personal
blog: true
star: true
author: anthonymonori
description: Year of the Rooster!
---

One of these days, during lunch, we had a discussion with one of our colleagues of Chinese descent, about the Chinese New Year and the zodiac associated with it. As much as I don't believe in astrology nor the importance of the new year, I still like to motivate myself with setting goals to reach for the upcoming year, both personally and professionally. Now, with the year of the Rooster coming in shortly - which, by chance happens to be the same zodiac as the year I was born in (apparently there is 12 Chinese zodiacs and therefore the cycle time is 12 years) - I could not have planned it any better: it is going to be my year!

---

One thing that I do not like about new year resolutions, is that people tend to set unreachable goals for themselves, like: go to the gym 3 times a week (flawed, what about vacation time or busy work weeks?) or learn a new language (flawed, to what level?). I believe in goals that are quantifiable, but still challenging to achieve. So without further, let me list up some of them and give a bit of a context around them:

## **1. Be more eco-conscious:** no more plastic bags in 2017

Living in Denmark for +4 years now has thought me a lot about living environmentally friendly and recycling everything from food to clothes. I want to keep this trend up and take it to the next level. I will give away my existing plastic bags and forbid myself for buying new ones. I will keep my tote bags around when they are needed and use them as a shopping bag if necessary.

## **2. Be more humane:** Take friends out to face-to-face discussion more often with no distractions

I always loved the idea of simplicity and zen - and even went as far to implement many of the zen habits into my daily life (like meditation). I want to have as minimize my physical and digital possessions and keep everything in order throughout the year. When I look ahead to 2017, I know I will move around (city to city), so it will be a great opportunity to live a more minimalistic life in the order that I feel comfortable with. With this minimalism, I want to keep my friends around and spend more (quality) time with them, and more importantly - distraction free. I want to have discussions, laughs, debates that include only two (or more) persons and no television, smartphones or internet. Obviously, there will be time when we will need these, but I really want to practice conversations where we look each other in the eye and speak our minds.

## 3. **Be more creative:** write at least 52 entries to this blog in 2017

I always liked reading, but I spent way too much time on perfecting my sentences, essays and overall outline of my writings. This kept me back from writing more than (or more like as much as) I wanted to. The art of writing is not easy to master, but once you do, you are not only a better writer, but also (I think) a better communicator, a better person. Writing for me is not a burden, but rather a form of expression. I want to keep this blog running and write at least weekly about everything around travel, work, stuff I learned about or stuff I am interested in. It will be both professional and personal writings, as I already mentioned it in the Preface.

## **4. Be more active:** run at least 365 km in 2017

Running for me was always about getting out of my regular day to day tasks and taking a break by going out for a run. It was always a relief rather than burden. Since moving to Denmark, I learned to love running - not because that is what I have seen everybody else doing, but also because it was a way for me to get away from my room. A room where I sometimes felt alone or trapped. With this running challenge, I want to push myself to be out in nature more often, and potentially to join a gym for the darker months, where otherwise it would be impossible to run outside without proper gear or care.

## **5. Be more healthy:** continue my Vegetarian diet and learn more about food

In 2016, I made some radical changes: one of them was to stop eating meat and start to educate myself more about the food industry, the food we eat in general and animal care. The first step was the most radical one, where I just stopped eating meat products and started choosing the more ecologic food products over the cheaper, unhealthy ones. The next step will be to keep learning more about the side effects of this diet, the big picture of the industry and what can i do to be an example to others.

## **6. Be more clever:** learn about investing

I always looked at money as a fascinating concept. We work our asses off and start wars just because of this silly, imaginary concept that we came up with quite some time ago. Capitalism took the concept of money into a whole different level and made it an integral part of our society. Now everything revolves around money (sadly). The art of investing is also quite fascinating and because I see no change in the near future, I find it very important to educate myself more about this profession and potentially start investing myself. My plan for 2017 is to read more books and get a better understanding of concepts around investing, the financial systems of Denmark and the US and the options I would have if I would start investing.

---

I wanted to set these goals, before we leap into the next year, the year of the Rooster: 2017. With these closing thoughts, I want to wish everybody a successful and hopeful New Year!
